docs(replay): Replay Issue types & hydration errors (#10686)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/replay-issues/rage-clicks.mdx

---
title: Rage Click Issues
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn about Session Replay rage click issues."
---

If you've enabled [Session Replay](/product/explore/session-replay/), you'll be able to see rage click issues on the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page in Sentry. Rage clicks are a series of consecutive clicks on the same unresponsive element. They are a sure sign of user frustration and most likely deserve your attention.

![Rage click issue](./img/Rage-click-issue-in-issue-stream.png)

## Prerequisites for Seeing Rage Clicks

In order to see rage clicks in your issue stream on the **Issues** page, your organization needs to:

- Be sending [session replay events](/product/explore/session-replay/getting-started/)
- Enable the JavaScript SDK (or framework-specific bundle), version 7.60.1 or higher

<Note>

> While you can enable **session replay** with JavaScript SDK version 7.27.0, or higher, you'll need to have version 7.60.1 or higher in order to be able to see **rage click issues**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can enable **Session Replay** with JavaScript SDK version 7.27.0, or higher, you'll need to have version 7.60.1 or higher in order to be able to see **rage click issues**.
```

</Note>

## Detection Criteria

"Slow clicks" (also called "dead clicks") are only detected on `<button>`, `<input>`, and `<a>` elements that don't lead to updates to the DOM or a page scroll within 7 seconds). When the user clicks on one of these elements 3 or more times within that 7 second time frame, it indicates frustration, and the SDK registers a "rage click".

> You can configure Replay to ignore specific selectors of you are seeing <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/troubleshooting/#why-am-i-seeing-too-many-or-too-few-rage-clicks">too many rage clicks</PlatformLink> reported. For example, clicks on "Print" or "Download" buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Replay to ignore specific selectors if you are seeing <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/troubleshooting/#why-am-i-seeing-too-many-or-too-few-rage-clicks">too many rage clicks</PlatformLink> reported. For example, you might want to ignore clicks on "Print" or "Download" buttons.
```

---
title: Rage Click Issues
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn about Session Replay rage click issues."
---

> If you've enabled [Session Replay](/product/explore/session-replay/), you'll be able to see rage click issues on the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page in Sentry. Rage clicks are a series of consecutive clicks on the same unresponsive page element. They are a strong signal of user frustration and most likely deserve your attention.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've enabled [Session Replay](https://docs.sentry.io/product/explore/session-replay/), you'll be able to see rage click issues on the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page in Sentry. Rage clicks are a series of consecutive clicks on the same unresponsive page element. They are a strong signal of user frustration and most likely deserve your attention.
```

Author: why add the domain here? in dev/preview envs it'll link you to prod instead of keeping the browser on the dev server

Reviewer 2: Oh, weird, when I clicked on it before for some reason it wasn't working properly. But it seems to be working now so we can ignore this one.

> ![Rage click issue](./img/Rage-click-issue-in-issue-stream.png)

Reviewer 2: Should we take this moment to update this image to an Empower Plant one to avoid having copyright content on the docs?

## Prerequisites for Seeing Rage Clicks

In order to see rage clicks in your issue stream on the **Issues** page, your organization needs to:

- Be sending [Session Replay events](/product/explore/session-replay/getting-started/)
- Enable the JavaScript SDK (or framework-specific bundle), version 7.60.1 or higher

<Note>
While you can enable **Session Replay** with JavaScript SDK version 7.27.0, or higher, you'll need to have version 7.60.1 or higher in order to be able to see **rage click issues**.
</Note>

## Detection Criteria

"Slow clicks" (also called "dead clicks") are only detected on `<button>`, `<input>`, and `<a>` elements that don't lead to updates to the DOM or a page scroll within 7 seconds). When the user clicks on one of these elements 3 or more times within that 7 second time frame, it indicates frustration, and the SDK registers a "rage click".

> You can configure Replay to ignore specific selectors if you are seeing <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/troubleshooting/#why-am-i-seeing-too-many-or-too-few-rage-clicks">too many rage clicks</PlatformLink> reported. For example, you might want to ignore clicks on "Print" or "Download" buttons.

Reviewer 2: I think we should change this to a regular link so that it doesn't present us with the option to choose a language (where the only option is JS).
```suggestion
You can configure Replay to ignore specific selectors if you are seeing [too many rage clicks](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/session-replay/troubleshooting/#why-am-i-seeing-too-many-or-too-few-rage-clicks) reported. For example, you might want to ignore clicks on "Print" or "Download" buttons.
```
